
Notes
=====
Pages:
------
Beställningar
Uppdatera Beställning 
Kunder
Uppdatera Kundinfo
Konfiguration
E-mail



Issues:
--------


Page: Beställningar
Issue: After "Uppdatera Beställning" when closing the popup. The page is not reloaded/refreshed.

Page:  Beställningar, Uppdatera Beställning 
Issue: The products shall have be lited in the order: Serla toa, Serla hh, Lambi Toa and Lambi hh 

Page: Konfiguration
Styling of submit buttons is wrong.

Page: Beställningar
Issue: Column sizes should be variable. E.g. number of items ordered should be smaller.





Issues that are fixed
-----------------------

[ Page: Uppdatera Beställning (Kundregistret)
  Issue: After deleting the browser cache, the page does not come up when coming from page Kundregistret ,

  Fixed by also syncronizing with orders in Couch when loading Kundregistret  ]  
  																			
[ Page:  Uppdatera Beställning 
 Issue. Timestamp is stored in the browser cache.

  Fixed by sending unique parameter (e.g. current time) in the http request  ]
  
  
[ Page:  Uppdatera Beställning 
  Issue: Fields in form are not aligned on page. 

  Fixed by inserting the form inside a table    ]


[ Page: Betställningar, Uppdatera beställning
  Issue: An updated customer name does not show for new/updated orders
  Fixed by changíng the name in the ored most recently made ]


[ Page: Konfiguration
  Issue: Saving config makes E-mail bcc, subject and message undefined. 
  They shall not be touched!!  bcc shall be configured in config form (not in E-mail form).
  
  Changed the logic that updates the configuration ]


Functions:
----------
- Backup of DB
  Nothing has been done here. Maybe copy some files on the remote DBs.
  
- Hosting the pages and having CouchDB and the nodemailer on the net
  CouchDB 2.0 is currently running on a Raspberry Pi / Rasbian
  Looking for a site to host the pages,  Bredbansdbolaget?
  Couch DB runs fine on the Rasberry.
  Perhaps add nodemailer can too..
   
- Authentication
  Nothing done yet. Will use authentication in CouchDB. 
  
- Javascript libs shall be stored locally  
  
- Running without connection
  Should be possible to read DB data from local PouchDB
   
- Summing up the orders and display result dynamically on top of page "Beställningar"
 
- Possible to configure the Sender of the E-mail (inside nodemailer).

- Possible to configure mailer URL in config DB, currently it is hardcoded to 127.0.0.1.  


 






 
 	
 